{
\rtf1\ansi \deff0
{\fonttbl
   {\f0\froman System;}
   {\f1\froman Times New Roman;}
   {\f2\froman Symbol;}
   {\f3\fswiss Arial;}
   {\f4\froman ïWèÄñæí©;}
   {\f5\fmodern ïWèÄÉSÉVÉbÉN;}
   {\f6\froman Tms Rmn;}
   {\f7\fswiss Helv;}
   {\f8\fmodern ÇlÇr ÉSÉVÉbÉN;}
   {\f9\froman ÇlÇr ñæí©;}}
{\colortbl;
   \red0\green0\blue0;
   \red0\green0\blue255;
   \red0\green255\blue255;
   \red0\green255\blue0;
   \red255\green0\blue255;
   \red255\green0\blue0;
   \red255\green255\blue0;
   \red255\green255\blue255;
   \red0\green0\blue127;
   \red0\green127\blue127;
   \red0\green127\blue0;
   \red127\green0\blue127;
   \red127\green0\blue0;
   \red127\green127\blue0;
   \red127\green127\blue127;
   \red192\green192\blue192;}
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000001}
+{\footnote MHP00015:0153}
${\footnote Contents}
K{\footnote Contents}
\b\cf2 Contents \plain
\par\pard TopDraw Help\line
  {\uldb Installation}{\v MHP000002}\line
  {\uldb How to Start}{\v MHP000003}\line
  {\uldb User Interface}{\v MHP000004}\line
  {\uldb TopDraw Grammer}{\v MHP000013}\line
    {\uldb Action Commands}{\v MHP000015}\line
      {\uldb ARROW}{\v MHP000016}\line
      {\uldb BOX}{\v MHP000017}\line
      {\uldb CIRCLE}{\v MHP000018}\line
      {\uldb DIAMOND}{\v MHP000019}\line
      {\uldb ELLIPSE}{\v MHP000020}\line
      {\uldb HISTOGRAM}{\v MHP000021}\line
      {\uldb JOIN}{\v MHP000022}\line
      {\uldb NEWFRAME}{\v MHP000023}\line
      {\uldb PLOT}{\v MHP000024}\line
      {\uldb TITLE, CASE, MORE}{\v MHP000025}\line
    {\uldb Data Commands}{\v MHP000026}\line
    {\uldb Set Commands}{\v MHP000029}\line
      {\uldb SET ARROW}{\v MHP000030}\line
      {\uldb SET AXES}{\v MHP000031}\line
      {\uldb SET BOX}{\v MHP000032}\line
      {\uldb SET CIRCLE}{\v MHP000033}\line
      {\uldb SET COLOR}{\v MHP000034}\line
      {\uldb SET DIAMOND}{\v MHP000035}\line
      {\uldb SET ELLIPSE}{\v MHP000036}\line
      {\uldb SET FONT}{\v MHP000037}\line
      {\uldb SET INTENSITY}{\v MHP000039}\line
      {\uldb SET LABELS}{\v MHP000040}\line
      {\uldb SET LIMITS}{\v MHP000041}\line
      {\uldb SET ORDER}{\v MHP000042}\line
      {\uldb SET PATTERN}{\v MHP000043}\line
      {\uldb SET SCALE}{\v MHP000044}\line
      {\uldb SET SYMBOL}{\v MHP000046}\line
      {\uldb SET TEXTURE}{\v MHP000047}\line
      {\uldb SET TICKS}{\v MHP000048}\line
      {\uldb SET TITLE}{\v MHP000049}\line
      {\uldb SET WINDOW}{\v MHP000050}\line
      {\uldb SET SIZE}{\v MHP000045}\line
    {\uldb Unsupported Commands}{\v MHP000051}\line
\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000002}
+{\footnote MHP00016:0154}
${\footnote Installation}
K{\footnote Installation}
\b\cf2 Installation \plain
\par\pard Copy TopDrawW.exe and TDHelp.hlp into a directory \line
on a harddisk drive. Ini file will be created in \line
the same directory when you first run TopDrawW.exe.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000003}
+{\footnote MHP00017:0155}
${\footnote How to Start}
K{\footnote How to Start}
\b\cf2 How to Start \plain
\par\pard There are three ways to start.\line
\line
[1]  Associate extensions such as .tdr and .top to\line
     TopDrawW.exe. Double-click an input file to\line
     start.\line
\line
[2]  Drag-and-drop an input file onto the icon of\line
     TopDrawW.exe.\line
\line
[3]  Double-click the icon of TopDrawW.exe to start.\line
     Use [FILE][Open] menu and choose an input file.\line
     Or you can drag-and-drop the input file icon onto\line
     the main window of TopDraw.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000004}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0156}
${\footnote User Interface}
K{\footnote User Interface}
\b\cf2 User Interface \plain
\par\pard \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000005}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0157}
${\footnote FILE menu}
K{\footnote FILE menu}
\b\cf2 FILE menu \plain
\par\pard Open\line
{\uldb Open Log File}{\v MHP000007}\line
{\uldb Settings}{\v MHP000008}\line
{\uldb Quit}{\v MHP000009}\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000006}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0158}
${\footnote OPEN}
K{\footnote OPEN}
\b\cf2 OPEN \plain
\par\pard   Open a new input file. If a file is already\line
  opened, you are prompted to close the file.\line
  Only one file can be opened.\line
  (Actually, after drawing all the plots in \line
  the file, the file is closed immediately so\line
  that it can be edited.)\line
  A known bug:\line
    Font table window and color table window\line
  will be closed (if opened) when you open a new\line
  file.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000007}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0159}
${\footnote Open Log File}
K{\footnote Open Log File}
\b\cf2 Open Log File \plain
\par\pard Open the log file (after drawing all the plots\line
in the input file.)\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000008}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0160}
${\footnote Settings}
K{\footnote Settings}
\b\cf2 Settings \plain
\par\pard Change settings.\line
  Doesn't work yet except postscript line width.\line
  Don't touch.\line
\line
 * Default directory of the log file\line
\line
 * Default directory of the postscript output\line
\line
 * Line width for postscript output\line
     line width = (this parameter) times\line
                (intensity defined by {\uldb SET INTENSITY}{\v MHP000039})\line
     in units of point.\line
     default is 0.25. (default of INTENSITY is 2\line
     so that default width is 0.5 points)\line
       \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000009}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0161}
${\footnote Quit}
K{\footnote Quit}
\b\cf2 Quit \plain
\par\pard    Quit from TopDrawW.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000010}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0162}
${\footnote VIEW menu}
K{\footnote VIEW menu}
\b\cf2 VIEW menu \plain
\par\pard Show Fonts\line
      Show font table either of\line
      Simplex, Duplex, or UBC fonts\line
Show Color Table\line
      Show available colors. 16 colors are available\line
      including the 8 colors defined in the TopDrawer\line
      original manual,\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000011}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0163}
${\footnote HELP menu}
K{\footnote HELP menu}
\b\cf2 HELP menu \plain
\par\pard TopDraw Help     Show this manual.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000012}
+{\footnote MHP00018:0164}
${\footnote Right click}
K{\footnote Right click}
\b\cf2 Right click \plain
\par\pard On right-button click on a plot window (not in the\line
main window) the following popup menu appears.\line
\line
Show text coordinate ON (or OFF)\line
      Start showing the TopDrawer text coordinate of\line
      the mouse cursor position in the second pane\line
      in the statius bar.\line
Show data coordinate ON (or OFF)\line
      Start showing the TopDrawer data coordinate of\line
      the mouse cursor position in the third pane \line
      in the statius bar.\line
      The data coordinate may not be unique in a plot,\line
      since you can define many WINDOWs in a plot.\line
      The data coordinates are labeled a,b,c... in \line
      each plot. The one which includes the mouse \line
      position in its WINDOW is shown. However, even \line
      this is not unique. (For example, you can define\line
      left and right axis differently.) \line
      The coordinate appears, for example, like\line
           0.123  0.456 (bac)\line
      In this example there are 3 coordinates defined\line
      at the mouse point and the second coordinate (b)\line
      is shown. If you want other coordinates,\line
      press the key "a" or "c", in this example.\line
Magnify\line
      Magnify the selected region.\line
      This is enabled when you select a (rectangular)\line
      region by mouse. The window will be overwritten.\line
      The new region will become the "BoundingBox"\line
      when converted to postscript.\line
Revert to top\line
      Go back to the original window before magnify.\line
Previous size\line
      Go back to the previous magnify window.\line
Next size\line
      Go to the more-magnified window if defined\line
      already.\line
Postscript\line
      Create a postscript file of the present window\line
      of the present magnify level.\line
      The BoudingBox is defined as the full region\line
      (specified by {\uldb SET SIZE}{\v MHP000045} command or default 13*10)\line
      if not magnified, or as the selected rectangular\line
      if magnified.\line
Show Main Window\line
      Bring main window to foreground.\line
      To be used when the main window is hidden behind\line
      many plot windows.\line
Close All Windows\line
      Close all plot windows but does not quit TopDraw\line
Exit TopDraw\line
      {\uldb Quit}{\v MHP000009} TopDraw\line
\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000013}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0165}
${\footnote TopDraw Grammer}
K{\footnote TopDraw Grammer}
\b\cf2 TopDraw Grammer \plain
\par\pard \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000014}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0166}
${\footnote General Rule}
K{\footnote General Rule}
\b\cf2 General Rule \plain
\par\pard   The present version of TopDrawW is based on the\line
manual "Revised April 1997 by Bill Johnson and Joey\line
Wells". See the original for detail. However, not all\line
the commands in the manual have been implimented in \line
the present version. See "{\uldb Unsupported Commands}{\v MHP000051}".\line
\line
  Commands are separated by a line feed code or by\line
semicolon ";". A command does not continue to the next line. \line
  A Text enclosed by ( ) within a line is considered\line
to be a comment. This means you cannot insert ")" in a\line
comment. (This sounds funny but the original TopDrawer\line
does this.)\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000015}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0167}
${\footnote Action Commands}
K{\footnote Action Commands}
\b\cf2 Action Commands \plain
\par\pard \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000016}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0168}
${\footnote ARROW}
K{\footnote ARROW}
\b\cf2 ARROW \plain
\par\pard \f8 ARROW FROM \plain x y \f8[DATA] [LESS \plain d\f8] TO \plain x y \f8[DATA] [LESS \plain d\f8] \line
[SIZE \plain x\f8] [{FLAIR|FLARE} \plain f\f8] [color_name]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000017}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0169}
${\footnote BOX}
K{\footnote BOX}
\b\cf2 BOX \plain
\par\pard \f8 BOX \plain x y \f8[DATA] [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]] [color_name]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000018}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0170}
${\footnote CIRCLE}
K{\footnote CIRCLE}
\b\cf2 CIRCLE \plain
\par\pard \f8 CIRCLE \plain x y \f8[DATA] [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]] [color_name]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000019}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0171}
${\footnote DIAMOND}
K{\footnote DIAMOND}
\b\cf2 DIAMOND \plain
\par\pard \f8 DIAMOND \plain x y \f8[DATA] [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]] [color_name]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000020}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0172}
${\footnote ELLIPSE}
K{\footnote ELLIPSE}
\b\cf2 ELLIPSE \plain
\par\pard \f8 ELLIPSE \plain x y \f8[DATA] [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]] [color_name]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000021}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0173}
${\footnote HISTOGRAM}
K{\footnote HISTOGRAM}
\b\cf2 HISTOGRAM \plain
\par\pard \f8 HISTOGRAM [POINTS \plain n1 \f8[TO]\plainn2\f8]\line
[SOLID|DASHES|DOTDASH|DOTS|PATTERNED] [color_name] \plain\line
\line
  "color_name" is any one of the names listed in\line
  \f8 {\uldb SET COLOR}{\v MHP000034}\plain  command.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000022}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0174}
${\footnote JOIN}
K{\footnote JOIN}
\b\cf2 JOIN \plain
\par\pard \f8 JOIN [\plain level\f8] [POINTS \plain n1 \f8[TO] \plain n2\f8] [TEXT]\line
[SOLID|DASHES|DOTDASH|DOTS|PATTERNED] [color_name] \plain\line
\line
  "level" parameter is ignored. (always level=1, i.e., simply\line
  connect the data points by straight lines.)\line
\line
  "color_name" is any one of the names listed in\line
  \f8 {\uldb SET COLOR}{\v MHP000034}\plain  command.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000023}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0175}
${\footnote NEWFRAME}
K{\footnote NEWFRAME}
\b\cf2 NEWFRAME \plain
\par\pard \f8 NEWFRAME \plain\line
\line
  "\f8NEW FRAME\plain" is invalid. \f8ALIAS\plain  parameter\line
  is not supported.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000024}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0176}
${\footnote PLOT}
K{\footnote PLOT}
\b\cf2 PLOT \plain
\par\pard \f8 PLOT [POINTS \plain n1 \f8[TO] \plain n2\f8] [TEXT] [color_name] \plain\line
\line
   "\f8TEXT\plain" plot points using text coordinate.\line
     (A new operand absent in original TopDrawer.)\line
\line
    "color_name" is any one of the names listed in\line
  \f8 {\uldb SET COLOR}{\v MHP000034}\plain  command.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000025}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0177}
${\footnote TITLE, CASE, MORE}
K{\footnote TITLE, CASE, MORE}
\b\cf2 TITLE, CASE, MORE \plain
\par\pard \f8 TITLE [[TOP|BOTTOM|RIGHT|LEFT] [\plain x y  \plain\f8 [DATA|XDATA|YDATA]] [INDEX \plain m\f8]]\line
[CENTER] [SIZE \plain n\f8] [ANGLE \plain \plain x\f8] [LINES \plain k\f8] '\plain text\f8' \plain\line
\line
\f8 [CASE '\plain case text\f8']\line
\line
\f8 [MORE '\plain more text\f8']\plain\line
\line
   Following operand is not supported.\line
     \f8SPACES=\plain n,\line
(SPACES is not actually needed because the centering\line
is done by counting the real length.)\line
\line
\f8 INDEX\plain  m is used when you place the text just below the line \line
drawn previously. m is the baseline skip (default is 2. Can be \line
fractional.) In this case normally \f8 ANGLE\plain  is not needed, \line
but if defined, added to the angle of the previous line.\line
  (Caution: The format is not \f8 INDEX=\plain m,\line
   contrary to the original TopDrawer.) \line
\line
\f8LINES \plain k is used when you draw the first line of k lines \line
so that the last line comes to the specified position.\line
The following lines must be drawn using \f8 INDEX\plain. Example:\f8\line
     TITLE BOTTOM LINES 2 'First line'\line
     TITLE 'Second line'\plain\line
\line
   The original TopDrawer had a bug in \f8 MORE \plain command.\line
When \f8 TITLE \plain command does not give a string, the first\line
character of \f8 MORE \plain was ignored. TopDrawW simulates this\line
bug but this causes a problem when \f8 CASE \plain is specified.\line
It is recommended to always give a string (at least an empty \line
string '') in \f8 TITLE \plain command. \line
\line
  The rule of concatenation of strings given in \f8 TITLE \plain, \line
\f8 MORE \plain and \f8 CASE \plain is slightly different from the original TopDraw.\line
TopDrawW adjusts the lengths of strings for each pair of \f8 TITLE(MORE) \line
\plain and \f8 CASE \plain before concatenation but the original TopDraw \line
adjusts them after concatenation.\line
  For example,\f8\line
     TITLE 'ABC'; MORE 'DEF'; CASE 'GGG'\plain\line
will cause \line
     alpha beta gamma DEF\line
on the original TopDraw but\line
     ABC delta epsilon phi\line
on TopDrawW because the latter adds \f8 CASE '   ' \plain before the \line
\f8 MORE \plain command.\line
  \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000026}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0178}
${\footnote Data Commands}
K{\footnote Data Commands}
\b\cf2 Data Commands \plain
\par\pard \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000027}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0179}
${\footnote numbers}
K{\footnote numbers}
\b\cf2 numbers \plain
\par\pard   Data can be defined by numbers separated by one or more than one blanck spaces or by a comma. \line
  One set of numbers separated by an end-of-line or \line
by a semicolon defines a point.\line
  The order within a set is defined by \f8 {\uldb SET ORDER}{\v MHP000042}\line
\plain command. The default order is x, y, symbol.\line
The prsent version does not support error bars (\f8\line
DX\plain,\f8 DY\plain).\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000028}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0180}
${\footnote BIN}
K{\footnote BIN}
\b\cf2 BIN \plain
\par\pard \f8 BIN [BINS \plain n \f8] [FROM \plain x1 \f8]  [TO \plain x2 \f8] [BY \plain x1 \f8] \plain\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000029}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0181}
${\footnote Set Commands}
K{\footnote Set Commands}
\b\cf2 Set Commands \plain
\par\pard \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000030}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0182}
${\footnote SET ARROW}
K{\footnote SET ARROW}
\b\cf2 SET ARROW \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET {\uldb ARROW}{\v MHP000016} [SIZE \plain x\f8] [{FLAIR|FLARE} \plain f\f8]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000031}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0183}
${\footnote SET AXES}
K{\footnote SET AXES}
\b\cf2 SET AXES \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET {AXES|AXIS} [{ALL|TOP|BOTTOM|RIGHT|LEFT} {ON|OFF}]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000032}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0184}
${\footnote SET BOX}
K{\footnote SET BOX}
\b\cf2 SET BOX \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET {\uldb BOX}{\v MHP000017} [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000033}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0185}
${\footnote SET CIRCLE}
K{\footnote SET CIRCLE}
\b\cf2 SET CIRCLE \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET {\uldb CIRCLE}{\v MHP000018} [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000034}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0186}
${\footnote SET COLOR}
K{\footnote SET COLOR}
\b\cf2 SET COLOR \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET COLOR [WHITE|BLUE|GREEN|CYAN|RED|MAGENTA|\line
       BROWN|GRAY|DARKGRAY|LIGHTBLUE|LIGHTGREEN|\line
       LIGHTCYAN|LIGHTRED|LIGHTMAGENTA|YELLOW|BLACK] \plain\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000035}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0187}
${\footnote SET DIAMOND}
K{\footnote SET DIAMOND}
\b\cf2 SET DIAMOND \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET {\uldb DIAMOND}{\v MHP000019} [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000036}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0188}
${\footnote SET ELLIPSE}
K{\footnote SET ELLIPSE}
\b\cf2 SET ELLIPSE \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET {\uldb ELLIPSE}{\v MHP000020} [SIZE \plain dx \f8[\plain dy\f8]]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000037}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0189}
${\footnote SET FONT}
K{\footnote SET FONT}
\b\cf2 SET FONT \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET FONT [SIMPLEX|DUPLEX|UBCFONT]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000038}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0190}
${\footnote SET GRID}
K{\footnote SET GRID}
\b\cf2 SET GRID \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET GRID [OFF|HORIZONTAL|VERTICAL|ON|\line
       SYMBOL ['\plain x\f8'] [SIZE \plain n\f8]]\line
\line
  The placement of the the command is a little different\line
from the original TopDrawer. It can be placed anywhere.\line
The grid is actually drawn when \f8 {\uldb JOIN}{\v MHP000022}/{\uldb HISTOGRAM}{\v MHP000021}/{\uldb PLOT}{\v MHP000024} AXIS\plain \line
is executed or at the end of the frame. \line
The parameters (tick position, color and line-texture)\line
current at the time of drawing are used.\line
Therefore, you can draw red grids, for example, by\line
   data.....\f8\line
   JOIN\line
   {\uldb SET COLOR}{\v MHP000034} RED\line
   SET GRID ON\line
   PLOT AXIS\line
PLOT AXIS\plain  in this case does nothing but drawing grid.\line
\line
When the grid is drawn, reset to \f8 OFF\plain.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000039}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0191}
${\footnote SET INTENSITY}
K{\footnote SET INTENSITY}
\b\cf2 SET INTENSITY \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET INTENSITY \plain n\line
\line
Default is n=2. (n<=0 is the same as default.)\line
Since the resolution of the screen is not good enough, \line
n=1 is identical to 2 for screen output.\line
Fractional values make sense for postscript output.\line
\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000040}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0192}
${\footnote SET LABELS}
K{\footnote SET LABELS}
\b\cf2 SET LABELS \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET LABELS [SIZE \plain n\f8] [ON|OFF] [{ALL|TOP|BOTTOM|RIGHT|LEFT} {ON|OFF}]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000041}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0193}
${\footnote SET LIMITS}
K{\footnote SET LIMITS}
\b\cf2 SET LIMITS \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET LIMIT [X [FROM] \plain x1 \f8[TO] \plain x2\f8] [Y [FROM] \plain y1 \f8[TO] \plain y2\f8] \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000042}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0194}
${\footnote SET ORDER}
K{\footnote SET ORDER}
\b\cf2 SET ORDER \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET ORDER [X] [Y] [Z] [SYMBOL] [DUMMY]\line
\line
  Multiplication factor and error data (\f8 DX,DY \plain etc) are not supported yet.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000043}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0195}
${\footnote SET PATTERN}
K{\footnote SET PATTERN}
\b\cf2 SET PATTERN \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET PATTERN \plain p1 p2 p3 ...\line
\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000044}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0196}
${\footnote SET SCALE}
K{\footnote SET SCALE}
\b\cf2 SET SCALE \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET SCALE [X|Y] [\plain n1 \f8[\plain n2\f8]] [LINEAR|LOGARITHMIC]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000045}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0197}
${\footnote SET SIZE}
K{\footnote SET SIZE}
\b\cf2 SET SIZE \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET SIZE \plain x \f8[BY] \plain y\line
\line
\f8 UNITS \plain and \f8 REDUCE \plain operand not supported\line
yet.\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000046}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0198}
${\footnote SET SYMBOL}
K{\footnote SET SYMBOL}
\b\cf2 SET SYMBOL \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET SYMBOL [\plain x\f8] [SIZE \plain\f8]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000047}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0199}
${\footnote SET TEXTURE}
K{\footnote SET TEXTURE}
\b\cf2 SET TEXTURE \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET TEXTURE [SOLID|DASHES|DOTDASH|DOTS|PATTERNED] \par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000048}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0200}
${\footnote SET TICKS}
K{\footnote SET TICKS}
\b\cf2 SET TICKS \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET TICKS [SIZE \plain n\f8] [{ALL|TOP|BOTTOM|RIGHT|LEFT} {ON|OFF}]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000049}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0201}
${\footnote SET TITLE}
K{\footnote SET TITLE}
\b\cf2 SET TITLE \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET TITLE [SIZE \plain n\f8]\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000050}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0202}
${\footnote SET WINDOW}
K{\footnote SET WINDOW}
\b\cf2 SET WINDOW \plain
\par\pard \f8 SET WINDOW [X [FROM] \plain x1 \f8[TO] \plain x2\f8] [Y [FROM] \plain y1 \f8 [TO] \plain y2\f8] \plain\line
\line
or\line
\line
\f8 SET WINDOW X \plain nx \f8 OF \plain mx \f8 Y \plain ny \f8 OF \plain my\par\page
\plain\keepn #{\footnote MHP000051}
+{\footnote MHP00019:0203}
${\footnote Unsupported Commands}
K{\footnote Unsupported Commands}
\b\cf2 Unsupported Commands \plain
\par\pard Following commands are not ready in the present version.\line
  Action commands \f8\line
     BARGRAPH, The. \plain\line
  Data commands \f8\line
     SMOOTH, [X|Y|DX|DY] \plain\line
  Control commands \f8\line
     LIST \plain\line
  Set commands \f8\line
     SET BAR, SET MODE, SET OUTLINE \plain\line
Following commands will never be supported because they are\line
not needed owing to the language, or because this software \line
is intended for screen display and postscript output only. \f8  \line
  SET CARD, SET DEVICE, SET FILE, SET FORMAT, SET STORAGE\line
  SET MODE, SET OUTLINE\line
\plain\par\page
}
